really proud of our guys because I think
that our effort was
maybe as good as it's been all year as
far as feeling a tip to to the end we
had times where we had execution issues
but we never had any effort issues as
far as rebounding the ball as far as
5050 balls we had guys engaged and I
think that eventually won the game for
us I was just fun it was really fun to
play out there we were playing loose and
doing a lot of good things and it was
really fun I think the altitude really
got to them you can tell with some teams
when it gets to them and I think they
hit a wall and we just kept running you
know Maddie really you kind of took
control of the game his ability to push
the ball he made some great passes in
transition London b12 Tyler and in fact
a lot of them he got just where he went
and rebounding ball and then just kind
of ran the break from there and it was
consistent I was consistent all the way
to about to marry our practices the last
four or five days have been full of that
kind of effort in those kind of plays
and that's a good result for the effort
that they gave us last week in practice
we had a really good week of practice
and our guys were hungry and ready to
play tonight and we want to keep playing
basketball and not i'm just happy with
the wind tonight guys were diving on the
floor getting rebounds and we just we we
were hungry and we wanted to win this
game and just continue to advance in
this tournament he has some new aspects
to his game and that makes it really
difficult to dog
is a really good poor game and he was
executed tonight and he was hitting a
lot of shots though it's tough to saw
somebody down when they get going early
played against the team tonight it was a
very good transition Tyler Haws is the
exceptional basketball player we knew
that they could get out run and they
were really good at it I thought Carlino
in the second half scoring 18 points may
have been the difference did me good
they were the team that we talked to our
team about and they execute it and did
what they needed to do it's four seasons
in the road one postseason game I think
that's that that's a real positive sign
for a program that your guys can get the
postseason and then they're still
together and that they comply they can
execute a game plan they can play with
each other and move forward and you can
see we can continue to do
you